Update Individual values for NONE and NOASSERTION licenses (#456)
spdx/spdx-3-model: model/ExpandedLicensing/Vocabularies/NoAssertionLicense.md

SPDX-License-Identifier: Community-Spec-1.0

# NoAssertionLicense

## Summary
An Individual Value for License when no assertion can be made about it's actual value.

## Description

NoAssertion should be used if the SPDX creator has attempted to but cannot reach a reasonable objective determination;

> the SPDX creator has made no attempt to determine this field; or

Reviewer: as discussed in https://github.com/spdx/spdx-3-model/issues/289, compared to SPDX2 we have also `null` (or not including any licensing information) as an value and it should be clearly distinct from `NoAssertion`. I think I understood that `NoAssertion` should only be valid if and only if "the SPDX creator has intentionally provided no information".

I think we need to align this with https://github.com/spdx/spdx-3-model/issues/289#issuecomment-1589450596

Author: The comment implies changing the definitions for the properties, not the NoneLicense and NoAssertionLicense.

@maxhbr if you agree, I can add a suggested text change to the properties along with this PR.

@kestewart - see the comments in issue #289 for more context

Reviewer: > @maxhbr if you agree, I can add a suggested text change to the properties along with this PR.

yes, that would match what was discussed (although I am still not happy with it).

Since the 2.3 Noassertion now maps to two values (not present and noassertion in 3.0), we need to do a choice regarding migration. Maybe that should also be added to the description as a comment.

Author: @maxhbr @kestewart I added proposed text to concludedLicense.md and declaredLicense.md - please review

the SPDX creator has intentionally provided no information (no meaning should be implied by doing so).

## Metadata

- name: NoAssertionLicense

> - type: License

Reviewer: I think this should extend `AnyLicenseInfo` or maybe `ExtendableLicense`. It then would also not have a licenseText, that would need to be overwritten with weird text.

Author: Agree - I'll include a fix in the next update

## Property Values

- name: "NOASSERTION"

> - /SimpleLicensing/licenseText: "Not Applicable: Text for a NOASSERTION License"

Reviewer: nit: I think it is not a `NOASSERTION License` as it is no license:
```suggestion
- /SimpleLicensing/licenseText: "Not Applicable, as there is no assertion about license information"
```
